feat(contributing): add contributing guidelines (#177)
storyscript/dashboard: CONTRIBUTING.md

> # Contributing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contributing
```

### Maintainers

@JeanBarriere @matthewhudson @Arinono

---

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue with the owners of this repository before making a change.

> ## Commit guidelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Commit guidelines
```

Please respect the `<type>(<scope>): <title>` commit message format. If you are not sure, you can run `yarn commit`. This command will spawn the [commitizen tool](https://github.com/commitizen/cz-cli), helping you keeping a good commit format.

List of `types`:

- feat
- fix
- chore
- refactor
- test
- style
- test
- ...

> ## Pull Request Process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Pull Request Process
```

> 1. Create a Pull Request against the `dev` branch with your modifications. This PR should contain a link to the Issue your closing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a Pull Request against the `dev` branch with your modifications. This PR shall contain a link to the issue you're closing.
```

2. Once the CI is done, you can check your work with the Netlify preview.

> 3. If you are pleased with all your changes, you can now request a review from he owners of this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you are pleased with all your changes, you can now request a review from one of the owners.
```

Be careful, a PR can be merged only if **ALL** the required CI jobs are green. Which means the project is:

- building properly
- is written respecting the linting rules
- passes all the unit tests, and covers 100% of the code base

> Since we cannot run the E2E test in CI, yet. Any maintainer can decide to run the tests suites manually and decide if the PR is ready for review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we cannot run the E2E test in CI yet; any maintainer can decide to run the tests suites manually and decide if the PR is ready for review.
```
